Add initial version of CHANGELOG.md and PR template (#9)
precice/elmer-adapter: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Main changes of this PR

<!--
Briefly summarize main changes
-->

## Motivation and additional information

<!--

> Short rational why preCICE needs this change. If this is already described in an issue a link to that issue (closes #123) is sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short rational why the adapter needs this change. If this is already described in an issue a link to that issue (closes #123) is sufficient.
```
